README.md, before:

# Payment Splitter

## Overview

This connects with other contract and used for sharing accumulated tokens on the contract with shared accounts.

## How to use

1. Add payee with share point on the contract
2. Send tokens to the contract
3. Release tokens to all payees based on their shares
4. Withdraw specific amount of tokens to a receiver without shares (only by owner)
5. All ERC20 and native token on the contract can be delivered

## Functions

### WRITE

`addPayee`

Add a new payee with shares, only by **owner**

| name      | type    | description                             |
| :-------- | :------ | :-------------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to add         |
| \_shares  | uint256 | The number of shares owned by the payee |

<br>

`removePayee`

Remove a payee from the contract, only by **owner**

| name      | type    | description                        |
| :-------- | :------ | :--------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to remove |

<br>

`updatePayeeShares`

Update a payee shares, only by **owner**

A payee's shares can't be 0

| name      | type    | description                             |
| :-------- | :------ | :-------------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to update      |
| \_shares  | uint256 | The number of shares owned by the payee |

<br>

`updatePayeeStatus`

Update a payee status, only by **owner**

Can't release payment to a disabled payee

| name      | type    | description                        |
| :-------- | :------ | :--------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to update |
| \_status  | bool    | The new status of the payee        |

<br>

`withdrawEth`

Withdraw Eth to a receiver without shares, only by **owner**

| name     | type    | description                   |
| :------- | :------ | :---------------------------- |
| receiver | address | The address of the receiver   |
| amount   | uint256 | The amount of Eth to withdraw |

<br>

`withdrawErc20`

Withdraw ERC20 tokens to a receiver without shares, only by **owner**

| name     | type    | description                               |
| :------- | :------ | :---------------------------------------- |
| token    | IERC20  | The address of the token contract         |
| receiver | address | The address which will receive the tokens |
| amount   | uint256 | The amount of tokens to withdraw          |

<br>

`releaseEth`

Transfers available Ether of the contract to all payees based on their shares

    No params

<br>

`releaseErc20`

Transfers available ERC20 token of the contract to all payees based on their shares

    No params

<br>

### READ

`totalEthReleased`

Getter for the total ETH released on the contract, only by **owner**

    No Params

<br>

`totalErc20Released`

Getter for the total ERC20 released on the contract, only by **owner**

| name  | type   | description                       |
| :---- | :----- | :-------------------------------- |
| token | IERC20 | The address of the token contract |

<br>

`totalEthWithdrawn`

Getter for the total ETH withdrawn on the contract, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`totalErc20Withdrawn`

Getter for the total ERC20 released on the contract, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`listOfPayees`

Getter for the list of payee, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`totalShares`

Getter for total amount of shares on the contract

    No params

<br>

`shares`

Getter for the amount of shares held by an account

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`isEnabled`

Getter for a payee is enabled or not

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`isPayee`

Getter for a payee is exists or not

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`ethReleased`

Getter for the amount of Ether already released to a payee

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`erc20Released`

Getter for the amount of `token` tokens already released to a payee

 `token` is address of the IERC20 contract

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| token   | IERC20  | The address of the token contract |
| account | address | Payee address                     |

<br>

`payeeCount`

Getter for number of the payee address

    No params

<br>

`releasableEth`

Getter for the amount of payee's releasable Ether

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| account | address | The address of the payee to query |

<br>

`releasableErc20`

Getter for the amount of payee's releasable `token` tokens

`token` is address of the IERC20 contract

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| token   | IERC20  | The address of the token contract |
| account | address | The address of the payee to query |

<br>

Commit message:

Limit payee count, update modifier

README.md, after:

# Payment Splitter

## Overview

This connects with other contract and used for sharing accumulated tokens on the contract with shared accounts.

## How to use

1. Add payee with share point on the contract
2. Send tokens to the contract
3. Release tokens to all payees based on their shares
4. Withdraw specific amount of tokens to a receiver without shares (only by owner)
5. All ERC20 and native token on the contract can be delivered

## Functions

### WRITE

`addPayee`

Add a new payee with shares, only by **owner**

| name      | type    | description                             |
| :-------- | :------ | :-------------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to add         |
| \_shares  | uint256 | The number of shares owned by the payee |

<br>

`removePayee`

Remove a payee from the contract, only by **owner**

| name      | type    | description                        |
| :-------- | :------ | :--------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to remove |

<br>

`updatePayeeShares`

Update a payee shares, only by **owner**

A payee's shares can't be 0

| name      | type    | description                             |
| :-------- | :------ | :-------------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to update      |
| \_shares  | uint256 | The number of shares owned by the payee |

<br>

`updatePayeeStatus`

Update a payee status, only by **owner**

Can't release payment to a disabled payee

| name      | type    | description                        |
| :-------- | :------ | :--------------------------------- |
| \_account | address | The address of the payee to update |
| \_status  | bool    | The new status of the payee        |

<br>

`withdrawEth`

Withdraw Eth to a receiver without shares, only by **owner**

| name     | type    | description                   |
| :------- | :------ | :---------------------------- |
| receiver | address | The address of the receiver   |
| amount   | uint256 | The amount of Eth to withdraw |

<br>

`withdrawErc20`

Withdraw ERC20 tokens to a receiver without shares, only by **owner**

| name     | type    | description                               |
| :------- | :------ | :---------------------------------------- |
| token    | IERC20  | The address of the token contract         |
| receiver | address | The address which will receive the tokens |
| amount   | uint256 | The amount of tokens to withdraw          |

<br>

`setMaxPayeeCounter`

Set max count of payees, only by **owner**

Owner can't add payee more than max counter(which should be less than 30)

| name      | type   | description              |
| :-------- | :----- | :----------------------- |
| \_counter | IERC20 | Max value of payee count |

<br>

`releaseEth`

Transfers available Ether of the contract to all payees based on their shares

    No params

<br>

`releaseErc20`

Transfers available ERC20 token of the contract to all payees based on their shares

    No params

<br>

### READ

`totalEthReleased`

Getter for the total ETH released on the contract, only by **owner**

    No Params

<br>

`totalErc20Released`

Getter for the total ERC20 released on the contract, only by **owner**

| name  | type   | description                       |
| :---- | :----- | :-------------------------------- |
| token | IERC20 | The address of the token contract |

<br>

`totalEthWithdrawn`

Getter for the total ETH withdrawn on the contract, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`totalErc20Withdrawn`

Getter for the total ERC20 released on the contract, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`listOfPayees`

Getter for the list of payee, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`maxPayeeCounter`

Getter for the max count of payees, only by **owner**

    No params

<br>

`totalShares`

Getter for total amount of shares on the contract

    No params

<br>

`shares`

Getter for the amount of shares held by an account

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`isEnabled`

Getter for a payee is enabled or not

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`isPayee`

Getter for a payee is exists or not

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`ethReleased`

Getter for the amount of Ether already released to a payee

| name    | type    | description   |
| :------ | :------ | :------------ |
| account | address | Payee address |

<br>

`erc20Released`

Getter for the amount of `token` tokens already released to a payee

`token` is address of the IERC20 contract

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| token   | IERC20  | The address of the token contract |
| account | address | Payee address                     |

<br>

`payeeCount`

Getter for number of the payee address

    No params

<br>

`releasableEth`

Getter for the amount of payee's releasable Ether

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| account | address | The address of the payee to query |

<br>

`releasableErc20`

Getter for the amount of payee's releasable `token` tokens

`token` is address of the IERC20 contract

| name    | type    | description                       |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------- |
| token   | IERC20  | The address of the token contract |
| account | address | The address of the payee to query |

<br>
